Welcome to the Systems integration module.
In this module you learn to identify
common commercial barriers to integrating
field devices to web services.
To recognize common vulnerabilities
that can occur when exposing field
devices to public networks and to
describe strategies that may be
adopted to mitigate the risks posed by
these common system vulnerabilities.